Brian here.
I'm hoping
couple of checks I didn't do for this
stream.
Let me just see if I can comment on my
own stream. I got two devices that I can
work with now. Um anyway, so we're going
to talk about something that's one of
the more popular topics on my website
and everything I do, which is quant
trading interviews, quant coding, quant
research, all that fun stuff. And let me
tell you where I think the number one
place to be is in um is in portfolio
management. And I've already because
I've been playing around a lot with um
with AI. Um
I personally think that uh
>> with AI. Um
>> let me just see if I can comment on
Yeah. Here. Um,
so
yes, comments are working. All right.
So, let me go back to what I was saying.
Um, so what I was saying regarding um
the uh
interviewing process uh career-wise, you
definitely want to be in um systematic
portfolio management.
um that's what the new terms are and um
what's happening is I think
the way computer science is going to
roll out in the future is just basically
managing agents tons of agents if it's
going to be 20 agents 100 agents I don't
know but that will be literally the job
and um
that means then uh who who does that I
don't know but you better know your AI
you better know your computer science
all that and you'll probably be held
accountable to um all the debugging and
things when they don't uh pan out. So uh
that's the future of computer science
tech. It's just basically managing
agents. Now um what does that mean for
jobs? Well, for jobs that means that
it's going to get tougher for fewer
jobs. If you are operating in the
mindset of trying to get a career in
this, I think it's pretty tough because
more and more people are getting laid
off in this um business.
And uh what else is happening is is
you're competing against them and
there's, as I said, there's fewer jobs
of them. And now with the latest stuff
going on in Dubai, um I think they're
also predicting a lot of those shops in
Dubai will get shut down. um over the
next short term, I don't know. Long
term, I don't have an impact, but
definitely there's going to be some form
of uh disruption there when it comes to
Dubai because of the Iran war, whatever
you want to call it. So, that's the
future of where we're at. So, in one of
my long form videos,
I had um a video where I show you can
use AI to do all your interview
questions and all of your research. Um,
so that can be very specific in your
questioning on an AI. I recommend always
using My favorite's always been for a
coding agent or coding tool. My
favorite's always been Kilo AI and I use
a a VS Code as as the extension for it.
It's very powerful. They support
something like 500 models. I don't know
of any other tool that supports that
many cuz there are literally so many
models out there and it supports so many
things. So anyways,
depending upon the model you use, um you
can get some fantastic quality interview
questions. And really what it does, it
enables you to role play uh a mock
interview that you'd typically be put
through. And I know I have a um a video
on that posted a few weeks ago.
That's the best way to prepare for an
interview. Uh I know there's a lot of
third party
um career uh people that will show you
how to how to do things. Uh there's
websites as well. To be honest, they're
kind of useless. Um, and I say that
because uh, from what the AI confirmed
for me multiple times, all these quant
career people, just career people
general, they're just going to tell you
how to what what to say on camera and
how to look on camera. That's all you
really get out of it. Does not really
prepare you for any form of interview
processing. Um, but a lot of the
interviews uh are done with roleplaying.
So some of the questions I've come
across was uh in that video that I'm
talking about um what it I demonstrate
and as I say you you you can ask
specifically what will companies like
Citadel James Street uh two sigma and
the like what will they ask me in these
particular questions and you can drill
it right down in the AI say what are the
hard questions I'm expected to know when
it comes to quant coding or quant
research jobs very specific and it will
know
um the uh typical historical questions
used and as I said a lot of it is
roleplay. So for instance with a new
Deep Seek 4 coming out um I do know that
um
yes it's streaming fine on a new phone
as well. Thanks CNN. [snorts] Uh yeah so
the the questions it's all about role
playing and some of the questions
they'll ask you is with what the current
bots I'm generating now uh it'll ask
okay so we have this scenario a a recent
war has just been kicked off with Iran
what can we expect out of the price of
of with uh oil what can we expect coming
out of unpredictable Trump what happens
if this happens like how should we
approach the trading strategy how should
we approach the quant and it's going to
be very very relevant news and this is
how they'll get around
standard questions that you won't get um
from these services and career
counselors. So, uh you got to know more
about the role playinging uh aspect than
just general
learning how to know how to code like a
like a wizard. I don't think it's going
to be enough um to be quite frank
and uh from what I understand a lot of
the uh interviews are now taking place
[snorts] on site. They're not doing as
much
web only interviews anymore. Uh they
it's just their way to control and see
how you're going to do face to face.
They might not even allow you to have a
cam uh a phone
um on during on your presence uh during
the interview. Um, if they don't do
that, then they're not doing the right
way to interview if you want my opinion.
Uh, so I've already talked about the
kind of companies that do this and
they're going to get more and more
strict. It's going to get more and more
competitive. Um, and uh, I'm not sure if
I hooked up my little shopping product,
but this little blueprint that I got at
hftcode.com
will really help you there for like 30
bucks. Um, and you you that's just the
starting point of how to start uh with
this whole process.
Um, so, okay, I I've I've got an actual
another phone in front of me. So, as I
said, all of this is is is AI driven.
Okay. Um, and it's role playing. That's
really what we're doing here. And and as
I said earlier, it's going to be driven
by news. Um, so let's say if it's
crypto, uh, they're going to ask you
things like I I in my video I put in
Ethereum short fade, what is it, what's
the expected returns, and so on so
forth. Um, if you're moving into more uh
higher or senior level positions like
architecture, which is where the
500,000 plus, they're going to expect
you to know um, architecture really well
on the software side. So AI vibe coding
alone is not going to help you. Um and
uh yeah, you're going to have to have
some kind of strong uh computer science
behind you and education.
Namely, uh a lot of people say, "Well,
formal education is no good." I don't
believe that. Um a lot of these jobs,
it's rare to have the good highle paying
jobs that do not have minimum masters.
uh in a universal a university masters
many programs I've seen or job
descriptions barely have jun uh
bachelors anymore just alone in that um
as we know with vibe co and a it is
killing a lot of the uh junior level uh
jobs out there entry level I'm talking
about I think the only way to get
through in those kind of positions is
through internships and those are very
very competitive so we've already passed
that season November December
A lot of the big firms, I mean, they pay
really well, but but to get into those
is tough. Really tough. Um, kind of like
winning trying to win a um trying to win
a a lottery. Thanks for hanging on, CNN.
Appreciate it. Uh, okay. So,
obviously I'm going to focus on Q&A on
this later on. Um, the other thing is a
lot of people have been, well, I think
one of the biggest challenges people go,
where do I start?
Um, I think you need to have some for
form of blueprint to start. Um, so if
you're not all that strong in trading,
algo trading, math, quant programming,
as I said, I probably recommend you get
that blueprint I mentioned at hftco.com
to get you started on the um,
basically to start your own journey
um, and all that. Okay, so there's that.
um big time. What I would tell you and
I've been saying this for a long time,
the the primary asset classes that you
have to know
is uh basically
futures and options, more specifically
options. That's where a [snorts] lot of
these firms will expect you to have
working knowledge in
uh and know everything about options and
futures. This is what institutions do
and this is how they trade. Um, so as
the competition gets more fierce, uh,
you're going to have to know those
pretty good.
Okay, first question is from
Naveiv. Uh, hey Quant. Yes, Naveiv. I'm
on Instagram. If you're intending to
direct message me, don't expect a lot.
Um, I'll go over how how to contact me.
Um, I'm making it harder for myself to
be accessible
uh per on purpose by design. Uh, but
yeah, I am Quant Labset is my Instagram
uh handle, I guess. Quantabsnet.
All right, so continuing along. Um,
yeah, assets in or the asset class for
sure is uh futures and options.
Um, I can tell you
via AI the response I got last week
um is that uh a hedge funds not 30% of
trading is no longer just about AI
driven. It's driven by agents. I'm
hoping to get a bunch of agents running
uh hopefully by the end of the week. The
way you can you can um ramp up pretty
quickly. So, you got to get also into
agents. The only way you can really know
this stuff is by practicing
um getting experience hands-on by
working with something. So, as I said,
where to start? I've got that blueprint
at hft uhcco.com.
Uh and you can go wild on the uh AI with
uh Miniax. It's free. Um and there's the
in there's interactive brokers. still
out build out pretty well any bot you
want any asset class it's pretty easy
I'm getting reports a lot of people are
finding it very valuable so for
interviewing careerminded it's probably
just as good um as well so if you guys
got questions or comments you have based
around this topic tonight on career and
interviewing um I want to make sure I
cover that off because I know it's a
very popular topic um from what I'm
seeing
So again, I said with the AI, so the AI
role playing, it's not an interview
anymore. It's about role playing.
They're they're going to they're going
to present you different scenarios and
and and see if uh you can handle those
questions and scenarios. If not, out you
go. Unfortunately, it's the way the
competition is too fierce. So Naveen
followed up brother noob question that
the best overall
books for quant finance. Again, I'm
going to point people to this this
blueprint. The books, the courses, all
of that is really do you need to spend
that money um to learn it in a static
way? I'll keep pointing people to the
same thing. Go to my hftcode.com,
look for that blueprint for interactive
brokers. That's where you start. Cut
down on all the uh processes of doing it
the old way. we are now not thinking
about but we are already in a new era.
Um so that's it's been purposely made
affordable. That's I'm pointing people
every time they ask the new questions
now. That's where you go. Um not for me
to make money, but it's the most direct
and easiest way to get things done with
yourself because it's all it's really
about motivation. If you don't have the
motivation, can't demonstrate that in uh
interviews, again, you're not going to
get past three questions cuz that's what
they do now is they'll they'll role play
with you. Um especially with the AI and
the better and stronger you get at it to
to to measure your um knowledge and
experience, it's all about confidence
building because what they're going to
test you with, if you guys got any other
questions, let me know. um what they're
going to what their primary focus now is
to make sure they want to see how you
think. Okay? And primarily if you're
educ educated in physics, that's how
they want to see you problem solve,
especially in these higher paying jobs.
So that's what I can recommend for you
uh generally. Um but as I said, if you
want to get started, that's probably the
best place. I will put together a how-to
re set of resources because there's many
uh paths people are coming in from. Uh
I'm just trying to see if I got anything
else I can cover off here. Okay. So,
specifically in the questions, um you're
most likely going to be asked about
Python. Um I I don't in this age right
now we're in, I don't think coding is
the primary skill anymore. It's probably
the last skill you need. C++, Python, AI
can do it all. Okay. I think more and
more we're seeing AI is not needed
anymore. Erin,
question. How you doing? I know you're
talking about interviews. However, can
you give me your thoughts on using uh uh
machine learning models with streaming
data? Uh that that's an okay question. I
had that conversation with somebody
earlier today.
My my question or my answer to that is
very very simple. Local data, local AI
um on your machine is I'm going to say
it's kind of like worthless. And I say
that now because what I've been seeing
I've been using a lot of Miniax uh over
the last week. What I'm seeing with
Miniax, the model seems to change when
you go through an API and it improves.
Now, if you're going to put all of that
effort to download the static version of
Quen, let's say a week ago when it was
released, I can almost guarantee you
within two weeks they're going to have
already changed that model three times,
but they're going to still keep the the
uh model number the same. And they're
not going to take away the features. Uh
they'll just add to it, make it better.
So, my better my the better approach is
to use um the cloud. Okay. Like I know
you you got that blueprint thing. Um you
find value in it. Um
it's the same thing like if you're using
Kilo extension in VS Code, you can get
access to over 500 uh models through the
cloud and as I said you you can hook it
up to Miniax for free. So that's the
approach I would take it and keep it
because you want to keep your life
simple. Um, and once you start layering
in complications, chances are you're not
going to uh complete what you want. Um,
which obviously is something you don't
you want to avoid. Um,
so I could talk about the models and
what I'm doing now with the the the bots
and what I've streamed earlier today on.
I'm just giving my consensus on it. Um,
but if anybody out there has got
questions on career interview, let's get
those out of the way first. But it's all
intertwined. Uh, we'll uh we'll that do
too. We'll do a one-on-one with you
soon. Yeah, absolutely, man. Um yeah,
it's better it's better to kind of do
that one-on-one, but generally overall
quant trading, algo trading, computer
science is too overwhelming when you
start and you got to keep it simple. Uh
Naveen asks, "Brother, noob question
again. has anyone someone on YouTube and
learning to trade intuitively by
reputation is a superior to any of these
systematic trading mechanical systems.
What are your thoughts on this? That's a
good question. I've never been asked
that before. If you asked me that before
December
24, 2024, I would have said there's
probably a series of trader like
humanbased discretionary traders that
could probably outpace
the older um algorithmic trading. Now, I
am more than convinced that AI and what
it can do, it's hard to beat it as a
human. Uh, I'm finding day by day, model
release, mo by model release, that's
hard to um beat. And the reason I say
this just just purely on claude alone.
Um, it it it finds so many things that's
wrong with your whatever you're trying
to do and it'll improve it. If if people
don't want to use AI, they're losing
out. And I've seen a lot of people don't
want to use AI. That's fine. But as I
keep saying, comes back to the the
lemmings like the horse and bugging
people as the Model T Ford launches this
thing called the car industry. Same same
concept. That's how powerful AI is. Um
oh uh
is this Cena? My eyes are real. Sino
Sino Occupy. I I sorry about that. What
resources can I use to learn math for
quants? Again, AI um math is my
weakness. What I would do is um
it all comes down to prompting. If you
want to go the complicated way, I don't
know your past and where you're at, but
in your prompting, you could just go in
uh as part of your prompts, give me a uh
trading strategy that is complicated
that a quant would use or a quant at
Citadel would use and it will give you
exactly what you want. Um, we're on the
verge of Deep Seek 4. Okay, I will tell
you right now that firm originally came,
and I keep saying this, came out of a
quant shop. So, if anyone's going to
know, it's going to be Deepseek and with
this new Deep Seek 4 coming out whenever
it comes out in the next week or so.
That's the best place to to to
experiment with with exactly about the
math side because it comes out of that
and and and there's also specific math
models. There's specific science models
as well that you could try out. But if
you're using for a lowcost
state-of-the-art, I think Deep Seek 4
will come out and set that standard for
in the AI world for at least a couple of
weeks, [laughter] not a couple of
months. I'm too conservative to to to
mention that. But I think Deep Seek this
this new release will be strong enough
to at least stay on top of it for a
while, [laughter] a couple of weeks.
But that's the best resource to once
that deep sea comes out and then use
kilo code and use like an open router um
to to plug it all in and then use the AI
achilo AI extension in VS code which
I've set up with that blueprint
that's going to help you and you start
there and that's why this thing's become
I'm going wow it's more more uh
universal than not right so going back
to if you guys got further questions,
just let me know. That's why I do these
things. Um, anyways, uh, what I was
mentioning about the AI and job searches
in quant um, as you probably could tell,
I'm week by week, I'm losing relevancy
on things that you learn from if it's
static. Be it books, courses.
As an example, I mentioned what two
weeks ago I'm going to start taking the
Andrew
Ning course, the new one that just came
out for agents, um, which is free.
The next day I go, I don't need to know,
I don't need to learn this course. Why?
Because the kilo introduces me to
agents, skills,
MCP servers
very quickly. And that's what the whole
course is about. So why go through this
kind of course
um that uh will give you the structure
but if you use AI and the tools
surrounding it you could probably learn
much faster and in real time and
hands-on with an AI really good tool. It
could be Rue Code. It could be uh Wind
Surf. But any of those or cursor, shall
I dare say. Um those are fine. My
preference and what I'm really been
using for the last couple of weeks is
this Kilo. And I'm not paid them 1 cent.
Um as I said, if you're really short on
cash, use Miniax 3.2. It's It's really
good. I mean, it's kind of slow, but in
terms of the quality of output, it's
just as good. Oh, I should say just as
good. It's for a free model. It's pretty
close to what uh uh Claude puts out.
It's shocking. And then as I said in my
stream earlier, I'm now getting turned
on by Codeex now because it's much
cheaper than Claude. So now Claude still
the best output, but it's so expensive.
Uh Naveen says, "How much percent of
traders do you assume are systematic?"
If you include AI and agents, I'd say
probably 90%. like, okay, there's
traders, retail traders that lose money,
that's 90%. Okay, now forget them
because they're not profitable. Okay,
but if you're factoring in the the
profitable traders,
it's hard to say. Um I would say like to
say 100% but I don't think so because
out of the let's say 10% that are
profitable chances are that those same
traders will not budge um because of
they have a process they have a strategy
and it works for them fine. Um but where
it gets really difficult for them is if
they're let's say trading the stock
market for the last 15 years. [snorts]
It's been consistently going up and up
and up and up. Um, yeah, their strategy
is broken. And same with Bitcoin and the
and the buy and hold concept of Bitcoin.
I mean, there's so many people going
back to McDonald's cuz that no longer
works. So right now I do think that over
time in the next couple of months as the
markets get more volatile and the
traditional way of trading especially if
it's momentum based and it's humanbased
more and more traders going to give up
on it and because it's going to get
harder for them to make money because
those trends are no longer in place
because the regime changes so fast. We
had them a regime yesterday with severe
downturn in the market. Look at today it
was up then down. It's it's it's this is
the market we deal with. Um and all the
asset classes that are impacted by it,
especially with the current uh current
president. Um
I have opinions now of that. But
anyways, so if you guys got questions
and more, but as I said with the career
stuff, it will get more challenging. And
I'm not here to be a Debbie Downer on
that. That's why I firmly believe that
people come through and watch what I'm
doing. You really want to more f because
trading can be
can be huge. Um Sinnin
Zel,
have you worked with a quant firm? No,
but I worked with um how should I put
it? Banks. A bank, but I I'm more coming
in from the retail side for a couple
years. I've worked in our I don't know
if you know I'm Canada the Canada
Pension the Canadian CPPIB Canada
Pension Plan Investment Board. I worked
them for a couple of uh months on a
contract. Um I work with trading desks
but that was nothing to do with trading
itself. It's more like helping them out
build better uh today's talk would be or
today's uh topic would be called
dashboards. So, I kind of focused on
that, but I was more of a call center
person back in the day before I launched
this whole website stuff.
Um, opinion on ICT? Everybody's asking
that. You want to know something?
Uh, ICT?
I have no opinion. Well, I I it's not a
positive opinion. Let me put it that
way. I hope that's enough for you.
there there like like there's like I'm
part of these WhatsApp groups and these
WhatsApp groups are getting so bad now
in quality because exactly that question
what do I think of ICT is so popular um
yeah I know inner circle trader I it's
not a positive thing uh it's not trading
sorry he's got a method fine um if he's
making money at it fine that's good and
if you think you can make money with it
go for it um but I think once I finish
up hopefully tomorrow with my rhythmic
live trading. Uh it's going to be a game
changer for what I do and I might not
have to kill myself doing what I'm doing
and especially when it comes to AI and
agents. So a lot more automations coming
in and the less human discretionary
trading uh the better and the less
mistakes you make. So that's hint
[snorts] hint there. ICD I know whole
pilot stuff among the big conflict he
had with somebody else not positive not
positive one way this this this guy
built out um his thing out of um out of
confrontation and behold behold I was on
a a boot camp for YouTube on policies
with YouTube as of today anything that
has shock value is going to hurt hurt
you in your performance on YouTube that
guy, the other guy, it's all about shock
value. So, so there's no value to it.
Okay. Um, getting into these nasty
online fights and it's just lowbrow
stuff. All I can say, you want to follow
what the quants do. You want to follow
what the institutions do. Uh, that's the
path to really follow. Um, I work with
AI m a lot and and AI tells me things
and what futures and options traders are
doing in the current market conditions
we're in.
Ah, new guy, uh, Corey. Oh, Cody, hey,
any tips to learn about flow and
footprint charts? He says, "Hi." Um,
footprint trends again, uh, that's all
driven by AI. Um, personally, I don't
know if they're worthwhile. Orderflow, I
do order flow. Um, as I said in my
stream earlier today, uh, you can
stream. Uh, depends upon how many bots
you're running. It can kill the
performance on your account and your
system. You're better off just to take
snap frequent snapshots of data and work
with that. And uh, footprint charts I
don't think really matter anything chart
worthw worthy. The only reason I do
charts is for presentation. That's it.
For visual presentation, you want to
work with raw data um to get better
accuracy in the trading and trading in
the moment. Well, trading in the real
time uh as well. What made you start out
quant trading? Dr. Ernie Chan's book uh
the uh the first one back in '08. And if
you look his couple of ones, he thanks
me for [laughter] the technology, the
first two books until some hater came
along tried to outdo that with uh with
with it with the new read uh editions um
on uh Ernie Chan's books, but that's
where I started. Um
and uh yeah, if you go on my channel,
just look up Ernie Chan, you'll see all
kinds of presentations he's had. I think
I was one of the first channels to put
him on YouTube and um yeah, back in the
day I used to call him the doctor in the
house. So, uh yeah, it was good. I mean,
he's still a good guy. He's still doing
his thing and he seems to be really
successful at it. So, Cody came back, no
like trading manually using order flow
and footprint chart. Uh Cody, I've
already mentioned about the human
trading. Um, the question is why aren't
you AI trading as as the uh young ons
call it? I think human based trading is
going to become harder and harder. I do
think some traders do have their
strategies or manual strategies that
will kind of continue. [clears throat]
Um, so if you're doing manual trading,
uh, whatever you're trying to do, it's
going to get harder and harder and
unfortunately you'll get left behind. If
I as I if you're still on a horse and
buggy and you got this thing called the
automobile coming out and I keep saying
the Model T, you'll eventually get
dusted and dusted and left behind which
you don't want especially in trading
because there's something called order
flow and if your order flow is not in
place uh to line it up properly
especially if and the other big trend
that I'm hearing is um liquidity. So
order flow you're talking about is going
to get less and less anyways. So if
there's highly eiquid product out there,
um, orderflow, hate to tell you, will be
meaningless.
I hate to tell you, as I said earlier in
in the stream today, I put out altcoins
are going to die and they are dying.
Many many institutions are not trading
altcoins. They're they're still trading
Bitcoin, Ethereum, but as I said
earlier, I do think Bitcoin, Ethereum is
at risk, becoming less and less
relevant.
the liquidity will always come from is
institutions, good or bad, but that's
where the um order flow comes from as
and and there's less and less order flow
in the stock market because it's all in
oil, gold, maybe Bitcoin, uh what else?
Natural gas. Um because when I'm looking
at all the futures that I have all these
trading strategy bots get created,
there's fewer and fewer uh fewer and
fewer forex which is to me surprising
fewer and fewer uh crypto bitcoin
ethereum namely and fewer and fewer
agricultural product. Okay. And that's
in a challenging market for the last
couple of weeks. It's all in, as I said,
gold, oil, obviously oil, we know where
that comes from. Uh,
treasury is still popular, like bonds
are still popular because a safety trade
and there's more and more talk about the
dollar, US dollar, DXY, that may start
to to outperform everything. And that's
one of the reasons why gold and silver
is struggling because the US dollar has
been strengthening lately. So if you
know those trends then that's where you
put your focus on in terms of order
flow. [snorts] Oh okay. So uh Cody in
comes from I'll be starting college in a
few months. I don't think I'll get into
any target school. How do I break in
quant? Is there a way? Uh I'm 17. You
have been funded in okay traders still
learning. Yo, man. Anybody that's
getting into this under the age of 18,
20, I I take my hats off to them. See, I
do have real hair. Um, [snorts] anyways,
uh, I take my hats off to them because
it it shows motivation. Uh, what I would
do is I keep saying I hate just
hopefully you see my go to hftcode.com
just there's a blueprint in there four
people in an exact situation and that
will instantly get you up and ready to
run with interactive brokers in demo
mode. Uh, and there's about seven bots
in there you can work with, play with,
use AI, and just go hog wild with the
AI, and it will create all the code you
want, all done in Python. And once
you're learning Python, that's good,
too. Uh, and you just play, learn, you
can do, as I said earlier, interview
questions with it. You can have it do a
role play with a strategy. You can use
Python to generate the code, blah blah
blah blah. That's where I'd start. Um,
part of the problem right now in my
stuff is how to how do I start this? How
do I do this? So, I have to at some
point put together some starting point
resources for people because exactly
you'd probably be uh the number one
niche audience that I have out there is
people want to learn but they're young
and it's hard for them because they
don't know where to go. But generally I
would kind of focus on the coding Python
specifically cuz it's easy understand uh
just algo training generally and really
really focus on AI. Um and and again as
I mentioned earlier the places to learn
really good for that is on on the cheap
kilo AI extension for VS code and in
there they have architecture mode. So
with that you can ask all kinds of
questions about [clears throat] general
trading it'll give you an answer. You
can ask about interview questions it
will give you an answer. Architect me a
basic trading system. It will do all
that for you in kilo. It's a fantastic
fantastic place to learn that I've
started and and anybody can start from
there. But if you want the whole kitten
kaboodleoodle with um something that's
already kind of set up to to use
something like interactive brokers
trader workstation, yeah, I look at the
blueprint cuz that's going to be a jump
start to get you started in that space
if that makes sense. And it's good for
career as well as I mentioned earlier.
If you guys got questions or comments, I
appreciate you uh asking them away. I
don't really care about your senior
knowledge, but um as I said, if if
you're new, that's where I'd go. Just
try out the hftcode.com
in there just to see uh because it kind
of covers a lot of questions that people
jumping into algoing or whatever. Uh you
guys got comments, questions. So, let me
say this. If you are in a job and you
can't find a job, you can't find a
career in this space. [snorts] Um, I
think what I re would recommend and
especially if you're in a career of
anything and you really know you've been
displaced by AI and you're challenged by
it, I do think Algo's kind of a way out.
I've kind of firmly believe in
entrepreneurship.
And with entrepreneurship, the the cool
thing about it, it's not like opening a
restaurant, a store. where you got to
lay out x amount of dollars, uh fix up a
a physical location, hope and pray that
you get an actual actual set of
customers coming. It's high-risisk move,
but where algo train, there's very
little
cost that you outlay for it.
So, Cody came back with, "Yeah, man.
I'll
I'll I'll check it out. Follow you on
LinkedIn as well. you follow me on the
YouTube channel or the website
quantabsnet.com
um as well your content is really good
thank you for that and thank you for
watching consuming it I'll be focusing
on Python C++ and college yeah and if
you want to get really good practice it
with the AI um because one of the
powerful things the AI offers you is the
um is the uh ability to role play and
that's that's what uh a lot of these
firms want to see is how do you how do
you role play in in your in your uh
capabilities as a quan, as a researcher,
as a coder. Uh that's probably your
number one skill that you'll need to
have and and and and have those human
elements to uh edge out what AI can't
give you because a always remember AI
will never ever replace a community.
Never. Okay? If if I was to open up all
my groups that I have that are walled
off because you need a login, AI is not
going to get in that. And that's where
the real um the real uh the real uh
value will be. Okay. As long as you know
the trading secrets that AI cannot
replicate, that's your edge moving
forward. I I think uh because you can't
replicate it and AI can do a lot of
things and always remember it's a tool.
Uh but the human element in terms of
groups, physical people, commenting,
sharing really good uh really good ideas
uh will really help you out.
Okay, so I' I found my channel. Uh I'm
going to show you some videos. Okay. Um
so if you see my knee, uh it's a good
looking knee, so it won't shock you. But
let me throw this over to the uh other
phone here and I'm going to show you
that. Okay, hold on. Okay, so you can
see here we got a bunch of videos. These
are I just put posted
um a month ago. You can see that first
one RIP Trading View uh with the Chinese
AI and the cheap how cheap it is. Uh you
can use that uh as I said uh Miniax is
really cheap for that. Oop, hang on
here.
Forgot that
the hand says hi as well. Okay, so we
have that. I I look for that video. You
can see there AI just destroyed trading
platforms. This is all because of that
blueprint I mentioned at hftcode.com.
If you watch that video, uh what that
does, it kind of goes through all the
demo where you can convert MetaTrader
code uh n uh not Ninja Trader uh trading
view code as well and then you can
create trading bots from that in Python
which is very powerful. this one here.
Uh, stop paying for trading platforms,
build AI, uh, Python. Let me go back.
So, hopefully, uh, with those three
videos I put out in the last couple of
weeks, months will show you that you
want to convince yourself, uh, that we
are moving to that I'm making those
predictions that we don't need trading
platforms, we don't need uh, proprietary
coding.
um even if you have something, you can
easily code it up with AI. I've got one
guy who's such a lagard. [snorts] Um
he's now convinced um that AI is the
way. And uh the books, the courses, all
that. Uh you don't really need, but you
still need some of the ones that I put
out are just fundamental. Without those
fundamentals, it's hard. If you're
trying to learn those on your own,
you're still going to miss out on a lot
of things. So, uh, hopefully you got
some of that from from from those three
videos, long form videos I got on the
Quan Labs channel. Uh, so if you guys
got any other questions or not, let me
know. I'm here for you. Uh, but, uh, if
you guys currently on stream or viewing,
let me know. Oh, uh, yeah, AI is
definitely good, but I think I should
first learn, uh, without AI. self-study
uh cause if I'm nothing without AI, I
don't deserve it. I like your approach,
Cody. Um I would agree with that, but at
the same time, you always have to
remember
if you know this thing called AI is out
there or Google Maps is out there, but
you want to learn how to use a map, use
like an old school paperbased map, that
could may overwhelm you. Whereas, if you
know how to ask Google Maps because it's
so easy, it's going to do it for you.
It's not like AI can just ask a generic
question and I'll give you um a detailed
answer, but I think you would want to
use AI
in parallel with what you're learning
the fundamentals. You definitely need to
learn from somewhere. Um but I I I
respect your approach. And the reason
I'd say that might be a little dangerous
is because then you'll learn stuff and
then you get caught up in the analysis
paralysis stuff. So you're going to be
like me spending 10 plus years analyzing
thinking this is better just the
engineering approach and and you waste
all that time. Um so you're better off
to use the AI as not as a crutch but as
a tool to help you get instant answers.
I think that could be said for anything
you're trying to learn or launch or
reset yourself in some kind of career
path. Um but just know that there's
still fundamentals.
Um but if you watch those three videos I
highlighted um there is one for
interviews and it's that whole process
of interviews is exactly what I said.
Interviewers are not going to ask you uh
what is a pointer? What is a triple
pointer? Doesn't exist. But they asked
me that just to to trip you up. But um
there a lot of these interviewers are
very good and they can just pull
questions out of their butt. Um they're
not going to use static uh questions
that you'll find on lead code. Lead code
just gives you the practice to get into
that mindset to be able to generally be
challenged and be to overcome it and
then be able to get answers that the
interviewer will say with confidence.
Yeah, this guy knows what he's doing. We
could throw him at a computer. We can
throw him at a strategy or an idea and
he'll be able to whip it up pretty fast.
That's what they're looking for. And
there's going to be a lot of um a lot of
uh what's the word I'm looking for? A
lot of approaches to see if that what
you do is going to be aligned to how
their firm does it as well. Cuz there's
a lot of firms that do it a certain way
[laughter] as well. So you may think you
have the best answer. doesn't mean
you'll get a job because they also have
to look at the politics of the company,
are you a fit in the company, blah blah
blah, there's a whole combination of
things as well. So, if you guys got qu
further questions on whatever career
education, I do think education is still
important. I know a lot of people um
kind of mock it. Um, you know, I get it.
Um, but it's really not about education
so much. Uh what it really comes down to
um can you get your degree? That's
really the ultimate. I got my degree. Um
has a degree helped me in what I use
day-to-day maybe 10 15% currently after
what 30 years.
So a bunch of the stuff you learn
um is going to be worthless. But what I
can say for my education, formal
education is uh timekeeping, project
management in a way and problem solving.
That's really what education does for
you. And and it kind of makes you kind
of creative as well. And when you look
at careerminded jobs specifically now
with AI, I think those are kind of the
top four skills that you'll need in any
kind of job specifically programming and
and quant related or trading related as
well. uh because they're gonna throw a
lot of stuff at you. Um as well. So said
if you guys got further questions or
comments, let me know. Uh yeah.
So hopefully you like uh the resolution.
I just, as I said, I got a new phone.
I'm so happy. Yay. And I can do these
things I just showed you. Uh but uh here
we are. Um, yeah, I get kind of excited
by this stuff uh a lot and I think
hopefully tomorrow
I'll have better answers about the live
rhythmic trading for once and all I I
have that but to be able to have it in
Python that's a big deal and be able to
have it not just in Python but run it in
Linux. Yeah, that's going to be a huge
plus. So, I probably will talk about
that next topic, which I'm sure a lot of
people would be interested in. Who's got
questions? Questions, questions,
questions, blah, blah, blah, blah. I
could go on. I think a lot of people
have dropped off since probably our last
series of questions.
What should I do?
What should I do? You tell me. Should I
keep going? Uh, generally uh our our
streams are pretty long. hour and a half
to three hours, but this one's only 45
minutes. Maybe YouTube Oh, we're back
up. Yay. Okay. Yeah, keep going. I'll
keep going as long as questions keep
coming in. So,
keep asking, keep commenting.
Um, one thing I'll say about the trolls,
we like when I started doing these
streams, just the the trolls were
obscene. Now, I I don't get trolls at
all anymore. So, I'm very happy about
that. Um, yeah. So, if anybody's got
questions, people ask me like, "How do I
dye my hair? How do I shampoo my hair?
Um, what shaving product do I use?" Uh,
we're not the channel for that. We're
here to talk about coating, trading,
even investing now. So, let me know. Uh,
also, let me talk about the travels I
want to do. I've been want to travel
since January now or March.
Um, I would have liked to gone to
Panama. I would have liked to gone to
behold Dubai and we know what's
happening there. So I'm glad I didn't go
there. So that part of the plan is
escape the west. I'll leave it at that.
So the other other region out there is
Asia, namely [clears throat] Hong Kong,
Singapore, Koulur, Thailand itself. Um
and even I'll dare say New Zealand as
well. Uh so that's kind of like what I'm
looking at.
I've got an app idea. want to hear.
Share it, Cody. Let's do it. Um, yeah.
So, I'm just talking out of my butt here
to keep the thing going, but uh right
now I think
generating automated trading
uh works
really good. We're at a point now where
it's I won't say it's easy to do, but
I'll also say it's there's no excuse not
to do it and not to accomplish what
you're looking for in terms of profit.
It's a lot easier now just needing to
know the uh prompting technique, what
model to use, and the tools to use. Uh
for me right now, and it changes every
week, as you know, right now I would
have said Miniax. Uh I still believe uh
Kilo AI uh the VS Code extension is
still the best way to go uh cuz it's
very diver it's just does everything
open source on the cheap well almost
free um what model right now as I said
if you're on a uh tight budget I'd say
Miniax still really good they it's free
right now uh and waiting for Deep Seek
4. I think that will change the game for
sure.
and just prompt it. No one know how to
prompt it and it'll do all the coding
for you. Okay, so Cody has come back. Uh
so like the idea is let AI text instead
of
you cause imagine someone is texting you
but you're busy cuz you're a
billionaire. Let text
for you good for influence and sell the
data
in uh back. Uh I kind of understand what
you're doing. We're already hear uh what
you're asking Cody. Um that's what
agents do. Uh you get a high quality
data source. Now I'm assuming you're
you're laying around trading. Um yeah,
it kind of exists already and with
agents it can already be done. I'll be
proving that hopefully in the next few
days. So, what you can do is you have
your data source. In my case, I use news
feeds. You have your data feed. Um, uh,
I like interactive brokers, but for me
to do real live trading and I like
futures and options. Rhythmic is the
route for me. High quality data, it's
number one. You can stream it, you can
download it as long as you pay for it.
So, we have that in place. Now, as I
said, if you know how to prompt and
analyze data and know how to use what
seems to be profitable, you can do that,
too, and generate the trading box in
place. And that's what what I'm doing
now. So, I kind of understand what
you're trying to do. But when it comes
to automating all of this, that's what
agents do. you you're basically taking a
workflow of something with 100%
automation and AI generated and all
you're doing with the uh
with the workflow is you're just
automating and that's what agents do and
then there's a whole concept of as I
said MCP server skills and god knows
what else is in the AI world. It's crazy
but those are the main concepts. I I
understand your idea and um it's kind of
in place already, but if you want to
know what the value is in this stuff,
it's the trading signals. It's not just
the trading signals, but the real value
is in the in the concept of marketing.
People want everything done for them and
they just push a button. In fact, I
think we're already in a world where
people are too lazy even push a button.
like that's how bad it is. But yes,
there are ways to get around this. Um
the problem is in the world of trading,
if I had 10,000 people doing it based
upon a bunch of signals, we now have
crowded trading. And so that trading
becomes ineffective because it's it's
it's all crowded out. So in my case, if
I'm going to do this, I'd rather be
highly expensive. And if you looked at
my cost, we're looking at the price of a
car. Um, and that keeps a lot of people
out. And that's done, as I said, by
design. So, um, yeah, the fewer people
that can afford it that are motivated
will do well. The general people, uh,
no, because everyone else is doing it.
Yeah. So, something like copy trading.
Oh, yeah. It's copy trading. Signals
from Telegram. Yep. To live trading bot.
Yeah. We're already there. There's a lot
of people doing it, but if you really
want to, you know, you're really good at
it, you want to do it as a business and
you can, you set yourself up by being
verified, third party verified, and you
have a a verifiable track record um of
the trading, it's profitable, and it
beats the markets, generates alpha from
an institutional point of view. Once you
can do that, you will you'll be highly
prized. But nobody does that. Nobody has
verified trading third party. it's not
synchronized to a trading account and
blah blah blah. So, if somebody can get
to that point, I hope to get to that
point one day, uh then then you have
something very valuable, but at the same
time, because you're only a person doing
it, you can charge top top dollar. Top
dollar
is what I tell you.
Yeah. So, yeah. And there's prop trading
and blah blah blah. All that's as far as
I'm concerned, it's all outdated now. It
just comes down to motivation. You can
do it yourself for sure. If you want to
try to turn a business, you can do that
for sure, but then the gold standard
would be you have to have a third party
verified account in real time. Uh that's
the way it is. Uh anybody else got
questions or comments? But it's a good
set of questions. Cody, I got I like
your motivation for a young guy and
that's the motivation that matters. Like
you're putting yourself out there. uh
you're asking questions. That in itself
is huge. Uh a lot of firms like that.
Shows you have an initiative. Shows you
have trading ideas. No AI no AI can
replicate that for sure. And that's the
sort of things that you need to survive
not just in trading but any kind of job,
any kind of career path. Because if
you're just sitting behind a screen, not
saying anything and just lurking, why
would a firm take you? you're not adding
any value to the firm. Firms today are
going to look for what value, what
revenue are you bringing to the firm. If
you can't do any of that, I'm sorry,
you're going to struggle. And that's why
unemployment is skyrocketing right now.
Um, and once AI really, believe me, AI
can do everything. Uh, was it uh I just
got word from our friend here VW
Volkswagen is laying off 50,000 people.
I've seen 10,000. thought that was a
lot. But 50,000 people, that's all
because of technology. They'll blame the
economy. They'll blame China. Blah blah
blah. It really comes down to
technology. They say that because they
have to appease the unions, right? But
now secretly, it's the technology, the
AI that will and can replace them. How
do I know with when it comes to um AI?
There's a company called uh a robotics
company out of Switzerland. I can't
remember the name of it.
and they've been testing all the robots
uh in Leapzig, their factory, and works
great. So, out you go as a factory
worker. Sorry, don't need you. Bye-bye.
And you're going to be forced into
learning AI and trying to figure out how
to use AI to to um to be self-
sustainable. And you don't want to be
classified as a useless eater. That's a
Davos term, just so you know. Um
I just don't want to tell you what
they'll do with useless eaters.
Uh, if you guys got questions or
comments, let me know. As you can tell,
I talk about anything. Um, but don't
Well, let me put it this way. Oh, Cody
Cody's non-stop, man. Wow. You You
should be number one here. Damn, Brian.
It was great talking to you. It's like
5:20 a.m. right now cuz I'm from India
and I haven't slept.
I I probably assume you're taking maybe
some kind of herbal thing.
I'm going to catch some sleep now. Yeah,
this video will be on. It'll be within a
few hours. So, it'll be more if there's
more chitty chatty people more we can
stay on. But thanks for sharing all your
ideas. It's quite motivating um to uh
engage with you and and that's another
big thing for community engagement.
Community support is really important,
which is what I'm trying to push. I just
opened up a community on my website of
520 people. So, I'm trying to push that
out and I'm looking at getting on a
WhatsApp because I know everybody wants
their WhatsApp stuff, but I'm pro I've
run these messenger groups before and
there's so much [snorts]
spam it's annoying. So, I'm not going to
have that at the get-go. I will have
what they call a WhatsApp channel. So,
it's a one-way communication to people
to let people know what I'm working on,
where to go, a reference, maybe an
attachment of some kind that I want to
stress. But then if you want to be part
of the group WhatsApp, you got to be a
paying customer. Um, for sure, cuz
that's, as I said, when people pay for
something, that's the ultimate
motivation, right? Um,
don't know the tier what level yet, but
it'll be affordable. Um because a lot of
people that have been online earlier are
thankful that they join earlier cuz now
they're join and part of something
that's now worth the price of a car each
year I might I might add.
But uh yeah with the WhatsApp that's
what I'm going to push out is at least a
channel and people go why privacy blah
blah blah blah. I think we're past the
privacy thing. Anyways true man if you
give something for free people don't
value. It's not about valuing it. It's
about having a high quality, highly
driven group, highly motivated. And
usually people that pay for stuff are
probably usually high achievers. Okay?
If they don't pay, there's that saying,
you get what you pay for, right? So if
you're not paying,
sorry, uh but if you want to get behind
a pay wall, you have a higher quality of
people as part of that. And in the world
of trading, from what I'm seeing, the
people that pay for my stuff are either
older in the IT space or portfolio
managers going into retirement. They
want to build out their own algo trading
business like that Ernie Chan talked
about. Um cuz that's the one of the most
prosperous ways to stay uh to sustain
yourself over the long run in this crazy
AI world. Um and and it reduces a lot of
the dependencies out there
if that makes sense. [snorts]
All righty. Who's got other questions?
Um but that that's why I do that. So
there's a channel you can't communicate
with that. Um but uh and the question is
why WhatsApp and the privacy thing. I
know everybody uses two things online,
YouTube and WhatsApp. So there's that
reason there. And I also know when it
comes to reliability and trustworthiness
that the target market I'm after, which
are usually um
uh port portfolio managers and big firms
like multi-billion dollar firms, that's
my ideal target market. They will not go
onto a telegram group. They will not go
on to some anonymous group. They have to
uh be on a reliable messenger platform,
which the only one really is is
WhatsApp. So, I don't make the rules.
It's the way it is. I tried to fight
that game before. And you can't you
can't you can't do the privacy thing.
You have to be on a reliable platform.
Even though I know it's not private,
but uh that's that's why WhatsApp uh is
the way. Um because everyone uses it.
Um yeah. Anybody else got any questions
or comments? I'm glad to I'm glad to say
we're past one hour, but this is part of
the I won't say it's frustrating. It's
just like I'm doing this to engage with
people, to talk to people, trying to
help people. I can't help people if I
don't know what their issues are. That's
one. Number two, in order for me to
continue doing this,
I have to see that engagement, that
community based, right? So, I do
bookings very cheap. And right now,
because I run and operate at 250 miles
an hour now, I'm probably going to get
rid of the bookings and maybe only make
it available for my members, paying
members, that is. Okay? So, they get the
benefit. And if you're motivated, great.
If you're not, fine. But I do know the
concept of chasing after the shiny toy.
Okay? If that's all you do, you good
luck to you, especially in this era. Um
uh don't don't expect the government to
to save the day. Okay. I live in
Ontario. I know [laughter] if you want
to be at the bar bottom of barrel
society, just take whatever government
handouts you get and not have to work.
Okay, fine. That's fine. But you'll be
at the bottom of the barrel in terms of
service and quality of life,
unfortunately. So, that's the way that
goes. Who's got comments or questions?
If not, um, I'm sure I got a whole slew
of stuff. I'd like to start developing
agents right now.
Anybody got questions or comments?
Please, please type away right now. I
want to I want to see that engagement.
Uh, we've had very good questions, very
good content. So, this will continue for
sure, for sure, for sure. Uh, I let the
AI generate the media clips, the shorts
for YouTube. every single one is very
valuable and I know that's how a popular
way people consume with this stuff. But
if you want something kind of one-on-one
answered, let me know. I can do my best
uh to help out. As I said, we already
talked probably to death about the quant
career and quant code and all that stuff
earlier. So, if you missed that, just
watch this stream once it's rendered and
posted.
Uh who's got questions? We've had a good
set of people. See, everyone's doom
scrolling right now. They'll watch it
for, if you're lucky, five seconds. They
move on to the next shiny toy.
H I don't know. Uh they won't get I I
got my opinions on it, but I'm not going
to mention them here. I've tried the
motivational thing. I thought at some
point it works. Now, now everything does
come down to motivational on your own,
unfortunately. [snorts] And if you are a
person of faith, your higher power is
your your true faith there, too.
Um,
who's got questions? Comments,
questions, comments. So, we're at 104.
So, I'm happy to reach that. I thought
this would be a popular topic and a
really lengthy topic. I don't see our
regulars on here. Um, I know one is out
there. Uh, let me see here.
Yeah, everybody's been new, which is
fine. That's cool. I have no problem
with I want new people. That's the whole
point. And we got one guy. Yeah. Yeah.
So, anybody else out there got questions
or comments?
Always remember I can XN
uh with this new phone? I got some Well,
as you can see already what I can do
with on this stream um and uh with the
WhatsApp. I don't know uh with the
group. Just so people know, if you want
to get on that public group, got over
500 people.
Um, just get on my email list at
quantlabsnet.com.
Look for the learn tab at the top.
You'll get a little free ebook.
Um, and then if you read my emails, I'm
doing a lot these days. Uh and then
there will be the somewhere in there
you'll be able to see the groups uh
public group. Believe we're at 520
people so far, but we need the
engagement to really make it good. Or
maybe the channel, I don't know, for you
for WhatsApp. I don't know. Still trying
to figure out how people are engaging
with this stuff. The old way is done.
I'm talking about email. Anybody got
questions or comments?
Looking looking, looking. Okay. What
I'll do is I'll put the thread out there
the count of three. Uh we and I'll
terminate it for tonight.
So if you got something just type up an
a letter a so I know you're out there
typing away. I know there's a
synchronization uh a delay in the
synchronization of this video and what
you hear. So I'll go really slow. Okay.
So go in once. Type away. Please please
please let me see it. Uh, also going
twice.
Oh, no. Nobody go going two and a half.
Type please type something. Anybody to
keep this going. Okay, I guess we're
done. Going three times. Sorry. Um, if
you want uh, as I said earlier, I'm
going to make myself less accessible.
Okay. Um, as well. Oh, we got a question
from JDI. Did you just join JDI? I know
you can keep streams going forever. Do
you think we will see uh single person
companies with AI? I have seen chitter
chatter about that. I don't remember
from somewhere but they say who's going
to be the first trillionaire
and one person a what do they call in
the VC world venture capitalist world a
unicorn worth I think there was one guy
sold a startup not long ago it was a
couple million 15 20 million I can't
remember who bought it but it's just one
guy uh so yeah we we are there now but
billion I'm sure it's out there when it
comes to trading what I will say from
what I've seen specifically out of China
because they're really smart people.
They'll put out stuff but they don't
share it. So I'm sure there's a lot of
people making a ton of cash in the world
of auto trading and algo trading. They
just we don't know who they are cuz
they're not that kind of people. The
culture is not like that either.
So they just keep to themselves but they
will exploit whatever technology is out
there also in the world algo chain. And
I'm sure a few of them have done
extremely well. Like Deep Seek's a great
example of that as well. Um JDI, do you
have more questions? You you I know you
you can keep going. Thank you for
joining. This is really good.
It gets exciting when JDI is online.
[snorts] Uh yeah. Yeah, for sure. I
think that's one thing I I should say
even though I could sit here and go doom
and gloom on everything. Um,
we are at a point in human history where
there's never been so many billionaires
created
ever historically because of the
internet and now AI. So, the possible
potential is easily there. As I said
earlier, it comes down to motivation.
Uh, would you ever consider trading
other regions? Yes, I will. Um, one
thing I've heard through somebody I
talked to, he's getting pretty popular
as a British guy living in Geneva,
Switzerland, called um, Clive Thompson.
He said exactly that. um the credibility
of the CME and this gold manipulation
with the gold uh future contracts
because the manipulation in silver and
that when the market went out or the the
gold and well I think it was gold went
out for an hour and and it was you know
going on and on about that. So now
they're saying more and more legitimacy
is moving over to Shanghai. So, anything
gold related for more legitimacy and
so-called less manipulation is is now
moving over to to to Shanghai. So, I'm
saying is with the Rhythmic, I'm hoping
that I'll be able to get access through
Rhythmic to those servers to I know I
can get access to the Singapore. I know
I can get access to I believe Hong Kong
um but Shanghai itself, mainland China,
they do make it very very difficult uh
for the Westerners to get access to
that. But if China knows, if the CCP
knows that they become like a new global
metric and something spec specifically
around trading, believe me, they'll
allow um Westerners get access to it. So
Shanghai Ghoul could be one of the first
ones where you could uh trade off of no
longer CME because of the of the
so-called manipulation of CME because
they're taking a reputational hit. Um,
and overall CME is taking a reputational
hit because they're allowing this
manipulation to go on. So that's some of
the chatter I'm seeing on YouTube among
the doom among the doom and gloomers
popular channels and commentators.
So one one said, "Yeah, maybe Shanghai
composite gold will become a metric, a
global metric." So would I look at it?
Yeah. Yeah, I would consider it. And I
do know a lot of international markets
are doing better because for instance uh
I think it was like last week when I
said that um with oil and how it's gone
up and down on the CME on the CL
contracts
um because of places like Qatar and
Bahrain obviously Iran and Saudi are
getting a hit on who's producing oil out
of that Middle East region. Well, guess
what they're looking at is now Korea and
Japan uh for refining. So, there's a
contract you can get through I can't
remember what um exchange, but you can
get access to what they call as I said I
mentioned this last week, the Korean
Japanese marker,
which is way basically all the Japanese
and Korean refiners because those
refiners are still up and running. So
there's going to be more demand and
trading opportunities with those
refiners instead of well there's no
maybe a whole pile in the Middle East
are no longer around because they're
bombing them. So yeah, I definitely look
into uh these kind of regions, these
kind of alternative exchanges and I do
think over time that they will become
more mainstream and hopefully if not
with rhythmic if there's enough demand
especially from the institutions they'll
make them more accessible uh via uh
rhythmic and I'm sure interactive
brokers is the same and I just get
better feed quality responsiveness with
rhythmic versus uh interactive brokers.
I find interactive brokers is good for
two things because I know you're on
interactive brokers. One, if you're
trading equity, you have nowhere else to
go. But interactive brokers for the low
commission cost and the automation
capabilities you get with it. And B, if
you're going to trade futures and
options market, Rhythmic does kind of
make it very difficult to trade off of
or sorry to test off of. And that's
another strength of Interactive Brokers
because on Interactive Brokers, you can
get access to pretty well anything. So,
that's the um uh advantages of
Interactive Brokers. Very good
questions, my man. We've had some good
questions tonight, especially from Cody
and Arun, Erin, I believe, and there's
somebody else, Naveen as well. These are
That's why I like doing these because I
learn from these as well. So, if you
guys got questions, I don't like to
threaten that I'm gonna close it off.
Don't want to do that. Um Oh, and here
comes the savior. JDI asks, "IB customer
service is non-existent that I've gotten
used to it." Yeah. Um, unfortunately,
you're 100 million% right on that. It
depends upon your account size. The
bigger account you have, like I don't
know, I think the average size of the
accounts are something like a couple
hundred thousand. So, you get better
customer sort because you get routed
into the US. So, you get great customer
support. Um, so if you can magically uh
pull out some extra cash out from
somewhere and fund it, you'll get better
customer support. Um, but the thing is
with AI and
AI and uh just where tech is today.
Yeah, you just got to get the basic
connections, the plumbing, connect it
all up and then you're good to go. And
that's what I'm kind of doing now with
Rhythmic. As I said, the last step is to
get the live trading live market data
from the enabling me to connect into
uh the Chicago server for actual
production and live trading. So, I'm
hoping to get that finalized by
tomorrow. Once I get that, awesome.
Because
like with Interactive Brokers, it's all
permission based. So, you have to ask
and beg Interactive Brokers through
their app or their portal to give you
access to this and that, turn on that
data and this and that. Um, Rhythmic's
kind of same. You have to get permission
from Rhythmic to be on all these other
exchanges. You you can somewhat through
their software be able to get access to
it, but it's another slew of steps to
get access to be able to trade it. I
think a lot of it can be uh your um
performance in trading uh and also your
account size. So to get into the
international servers and exchanges
might be a little tougher, but you'll be
institutional level.
In terms of the customer service,
Rhythmic is probably nowhere as good,
dare I say it, in an insulting way with
Interactive Brokers, but it's all email
and it can be kind of responsive. I get
better support uh two ways because I'm
paying for the API and the data feed.
So, I'm not going in as a cheapy. Um,
and as I said before, I'm paying 140 for
the API. Okay? So, I'm at a higher tier.
So it seems like a better kind of
support. But for people out there
considering Rhythmic and I've said this
before when it comes to expediting and
Rhythmic to take you more serious as a
paying customer because it's all the
same every all the questions come
through the same queue. Uh in order to
expedite that what my rep at my futures
broker said just CC me on it. They'll
see me. They know me. they know our firm
and they'll put you at a higher a higher
um tier and faster response and that's
been kind of successful. At the
beginning it was not that great but
everyone's going to ask who's your
futures broker. I'm with Edgeclar and I
chose Edgeclar on purpose for the
personal extra touch I got with
Edgeclair versus Boring Boring Boring
Imp and Optimus. They're
all not great. Edgeclair's a futures
broker is very good and anybody in the
world can be on has have a futures and
options account that's another good
thing too there are restrictions
um but it's it's not like let's put it
if I was to apply for a mortgage a
complicated mortgage that's interactive
brokers whereas futures once you get
past the funding and understand the
concept of futures you'll have most
likely less restrictions if I can say
that from what I'm seeing so far.
I know we were up and then we're back
down. Who's got questions? I don't know
if co I think Cody dropped off. If you
guys of JDI if you got a question at
all. I'm waiting waiting waiting. I did
threaten 10 minutes ago. I don't want to
do that again.
>> [snorts]
>> Um, I know it's it's hard to get topics
and stuff, but uh if you guys got
anything,
uh, glad to answer it in real time. I
don't think I've reused a question yet.
I'm going to purposely vague on a few
trade secret stuff, but generally I'm
pretty open about it. Uh, let's see
here. I'm just looking on my other phone
here if there's anything I should be
paying attention to.
So far, nothing. Um, let me just see
here. Uh,
nope.
No other communication I should know
about.
All right. So, if you guys got questions
or comments, let me know. I'm here for
you, baby. Um, yeah, we had some usual
diverse topics covered. Um, I'm on a
mission to get to a certain number of
live streams by the end of March. So,
I'll be doing more live streams. Uh,
just random times to show up. I was kind
of surprised with the one I did earlier
today. Um, but I do want to stick with a
schedule. Makes life easier for people.
But the problem is you're trying to
appease the people um that are overseas.
I know there's a lot of US, so I'm I'm
in line with them. Uh, so I have to
trying to figure out how to accommodate
here. It's kind of hard. Um, but as I
said with the new group I've got, well,
it's all I've had. I just kind of
promoting it now with the 500 people.
That's probably going to be the best way
to reach me. Um, and as I said, I'm
going to be outside the streams that I'm
doing now. I think over time, I'm going
to make myself less accessible.
unless you become a a paying customer,
of course, to to retain the high quality
I'm seeking. Um, as well, I can only
accommodate so many free people. I'm
getting a lot of questions from people
via Instagram and Facebook and how do I
do this, how do I do that? As as soon as
I put out there, well, get this product
cost 30 bucks. I don't hear from them
again. So, these are what we call uh
leeches. Uh, and I'm you you can go to
other places to leech. Um, and uh I I've
done it for quite a long time. So I'm
looking for premium people,
if you know what I mean. Not free
people.
I'll be making things affordable, yes,
but not free free. I'm going to, as I
said, uh probably make myself less
accessible on purpose, as I said
multiple times already. Uh, who else has
got questions, comments? Anybody?
Anybody? Okay, let's start a new
countdown. JDI, get your keyboard ready.
I know you'll save it as usual for now.
Um, so let's get started. I'm going to
do a go once, twice, three times, and it
could end it. I don't want to, but I'd
like to see engagement, and hopefully
GDI can save the day. Okay, so let's get
started. Going once.
Type away. I know there's a delay.
Going twice.
And we're at hour and 20 minutes. It's
not a bad time for a stream. Going once.
Going twice.
Going two and a half. Oh, currently
midnight here. So, probably going to
call it a night. Anyhow, where where are
you calling um where are you calling in
from? from uh GDI. Are you Was it
Ireland you're in? I know you're in
Europe. I can tell by the timing. I
think you're in Ireland if that's the
case.
But I don't mind. Midnight here. So,
call it a night. I know. I saw I I don't
know. I was curious to know where people
are are are viewing from UK. Ah, UK. We
had another person from UK. I know them
pretty good. They're a customer of mine.
Uh
yeah. So, uh UK is a good place, man.
When when I put out one of those
reports, London, you could be in finance
for all I know. Um and the other the
other customers are the same, too. Uh
so, uh when I put out a professional
report I did a few Saturdays ago, it got
a lot of people and it reached a lot of
people and then I got a lot of traffic
from London, UK. So, I know it's hitting
the right market.
Um, yeah, thanks for all your questions,
JDI. Um, I'm going to repeat the whole
thing again for anybody new or don't
know the process.
Uh, whoever wants to save the day to
keep the stream going, just type up
whatever you want. Uh, I'll respond to I
just want to know people are out there
and are interested in what I'm blabbing
about. So, I'll do a going once.
Going once and a half.
Going two.
Uh, going two and a half. We're close.
Going three times. Okay, we're done. All
right. So, I'll leave it at that. As I
said, um, go to the website
quantlabsnet.com,
try out one of the things, get your book
at the same time, your ebook, and if you
can join the group, um, because that's
where you're going to find me more of
and the better, easier way to contact
me. Um, as I said earlier, okay, I guess
we're done. Have a good day, night,
wherever you are. Have a good one. Bye.